Choose Your Adventure!
Scholar: You are a scholar that has been studying the art of magic. You
	 have made a breakthrough that could change humanity
	 and has led you to your current situation. Will you
	 stay in your tower and continue your studies? Or, will
	 you journey to the Capital to present your work?
	 Choose: Stay? or Journey?

	STAY: 	You decide to keep your work to yourself and continue to 
		study it. Unfortunately, one of your potions exploded
		in your face, causing immense pain and partial blindness.
		You scury to find a neutralizing potion; hopefully the one
		you choose is the correct one. Do you pick up the blue or
		purple bottle?
		Choose: Blue Bottle? or Purple Bottle?
	
		BLUE: 	Ahhh, now that feels better. The blue bottle 
			neutralizes the effects and you can see again.
			However, you start to feel really tingly in your
			limbs. Checking the label, you realize you chose the 
			transfromation potion! Oh no! You double over in pain,
			your limbs extend and turn a scaly green, your eyes 
			become slitted, and you begin to grow in size, destroying
			the work you studied hard to obtain.
			At the end of your transformation, you have become a dragon!
			Everything in your wizards tower has been destroyed, and now
			you can't even transform back to fix anything. You are now
			an angry green dragon whose lair is a destroyed wizard 
			tower. END
		PURPLE: Ugh, what a bitter taste! Wait, your throat is closing up!
			What is happening? You're choking! It looks like you chose
			a bottle of poison! Unfortuantly, you're blind and you can't 
			breathe anymore, there is no way you could find the antidote.
			You fall to the floor suffocating, and you die within the 
			hour. Your work will forever be lost to the ages. END

	JOURNEY: You decide to journey to the Capital to share your work with the
		 world. On your journey, you stumble into clearing where you find
		an adventurer fighting a gruesome monster. They seem very skilled,
		but the monster also looks very tough. It stands at least 7 feet 
		tall, with thick scales, and long claws! Do you help or move along?
		Choose: Help? or Move Along?

		HELP: You decide to help the poor adventurer, and just in the 
			knick of time! The adventurer is trapped under the 
			enormous claws of the beast! 
			"Hey Stupid!" You yell. The beast whips its head to stare
			at you. It looks like it's about to charge! Quick, what do
			use to defend yourself? Do you use the sturdy looking stick
			on the ground next to you? Or do you attempt to use the
			new magic you recently learned about from your studies?
			Choose: Stick? or Magic?

			STICK: The beast charges! You quickly pick up the stick and
				attempt to bash the beast with the stick, but that
				was stupid. The beast is obviously not going to be
				hurt by a stick. As soon as the stick hits the beast
				it breaks in two, leaving you defenseless. The monster
				uses its enormous claws to slash at you! In on swipe
				you are decapitated! Your last thought was "All my 
				work wasted trying to be a hero." END
		
			MAGIC: The beast charges! You quickly try to summon a flame
				to protect you, but your lack of practice and nerves
				causes you to summon an explosion instead! This 
				inadvertently saves your life because you are thrown
				back and the monsters face is serverely burned! This 
				gives the adventurer enough time to finish it off. He
				lunges at the beast with his sword and stabs it in the 
				heart, ending its life. 
				In the aftermath of the battle, you are still groggy 
				from the explosion. The adventurer runs to your side to
				help you up.
				"Thank you so much for coming to my aid! I don't know 
				what I would have done if you had not shown up! Please,
				let me return the favor by travelling with you to repay 
				this debt."
				Choose: Tag Along? or Solo?

				Tag Along: You have decided the adventurer might be of some use to you, so
						you let them accompany you on this trip. Unfortunatly, this
						adventurer is very talkative and gives away your location to 
						another huge beast! The beast engages with the adventurer in 
						combat! This is your chance! You can run away now or stay and
						help your adventurer!
						Choose: Stay? or Run Away?
					
					STAY: You have chosen to help your poor talkative friend! Unfortunatly,
						you were too indecisive and the beast decapitated your comrade!
						Now it has you in its sight! It charges and you attempt the same
						spell as before, but instead of fire, a huge gust of wind expels
						from your hands. *You are not very proficient in your newly 
						discovered magic, are you?* You are blown away from the beast and into a tree,
						hitting your head again! The beast took no damage, and actually seems 
						very annoyed. It charges again, but your head is making it hard for
						you to get up! The beast lifts its clawed arm and slashes you across
						the chest! And then he does it again and again! There is no hope for you,
						and before the world fades to black, you can't help but think that 
						maybe this whole magic stuff just wasn't meant for you. END
	
					RUN AWAY: You make a run for it, trying to gain as much distance between you and
						the battle as possible. It seems like that was the correct choice because
						minutes later you hear a gut wrenching scream before eery silence. You 
						continue to run away until you have no more stamina. Hopefully that was 
						far enough the beast will not find. However, as you look around, you realize
						you are completely lost and it is starting to get dark out. Perhaps you should 
						make camp for the night?
						Choose: Make Camp? or Carry On?
						
						MAKE CAMP: You decide to make camp. You set up a little fire pit and put your
							sleeping rags next to the fire. Hopefully the fire will ward off any 
							predators that might be lurking in the shadows. You eat some jerky that
							you packed for the journey and head to sleep. Hopefully you will be able to
							find your way in the morning. 
							Oh no! Something has woken you up in the middle of the night. The fire has died
							down, but you begin to here a slight russle in the bushes around you.
							"Hello?" you call out, but there is no answer. Another rustle from behind you.
							You turn but see nothing. Then something slices the back of your calf from behind!
							You turn and see a scaly tail disappear into the bushes. A few minutes past and you
							begin to feel light headed. All of a sudden you collapse! You can no longer move!
							The animal has paralyzed you! You hear a rustle from behind you and a weird mixture
							of a hiss and growl. It slowly approaches from behind. The animal appears above your 
							head, all scaly with razor sharp teeth. It looks down at you before striking your throat,
							ending your puny little life. END

						CARRY ON: For some ungodly reason you decide to continue on you journey, but it looks like you
							have hit a stroke of luck! You have found a trail with a marker that points in the direction 
							of the Capital! You follow this trail all the way and never stop. By the time you get there
							it is midday. You make your way to the Scholar headquarters to present your work. When you
							walk into the building, you are amazed by all the people there with their inventions. It is
							intimidating to be around all these smart people. You make your way to the front desk and 
							tell the clerk, that you have made a discovery. She hands you some paperwork to fill out, and
							before you know it, you are standing before the Scholar Council.
							"Scholars," you say. "I have come before you today, to show my years of research have payed
							off. The ancient magics that we have heard of in stories are real! Let me demonstrate." 
							You focus into yourself, and bring forth the flame you were longing for not a dat ago. And 
							there in your palm, a small flame errupts. You hold your hand out expectantly, waiting for
							the Council's reaction. 
							Slowly, laughter builds in the room, until everyone is full on belly laughing.
							"Are" gasp "You serious?" on of the council members says. "We have known about the existance
							of magic for over 10 years now. It is in every textbook across the nation!" He continues to 
							laugh. "What rock have you been living under?!" Laughter ensues, and you slowly make your way
							out of the building. You make your way to a bridge that is over a roaring river. You get onto 
							ledge, and with a cry of agony you throw yourself off the bridge and are carried away, never
							to be seen again. END

				SOLO: You decided to not let the adventurer tag along and continue on your path.
					You eventually make it to Capital where all important discoveries are 
					introduced and pattented. It is late at night when you arrive, but
					on your way to a tavern you make a turn into a sketchy
					alleyway. Two men in all balck with masks appear! They
					pull out knives and slowly walk toward you. You begin 
					turn back out of the alley, but all of a sudden there
					is immense pain in your side! You look down and see a 
					knife protruding from you and another man in all black
					standing behind you. You slowly start to lose 
					conciousness and fall to the floor. The last thing you
					hear before the world turns black is the voice of one
					of the men saying, "Now, what do we have hear? A scholar, 
					eh? Wonder if we'll get rich off his work? HAHAHA!" END

		MOVE ALONG: You decided to leave the adventurer to their fate and 
				continue on your journey. You eventually make it to
				Capital where all important discoveries are introduced
				and pattented. It is late at night when you arrive, but
				on your way to a tavern you make a turn into a sketchy
				alleyway. Two men in all balck with masks appear! They
				pull out knives and slowly walk toward you. You begin 
				turn back out of the alley, but all of a sudden there
				is immense pain in your side! You look down and see a 
				knife protruding from you and another man in all black
				standing behind you. You slowly start to lose 
				conciousness and fall to the floor. The last thing you
				hear before the world turns black is the voice of one
				of the men saying, "Now, what do we have hear? A scholar, 
				eh? Wonder if we'll get rich off his work? HAHAHA!" END

ADVENTURER: You are a lonely farmer that has never had any excitement in their life. On a whim, you decide
		to go on the adventure of a lifetime. So, you pack up everything you think you will need,
		sell your farm to your neighbor, adn set out on this epic adventure, sword in hand. On the 
		path of life, you come across a fork in the road. One path leads to a dense forest, the other 
		leads to mountainous terrain. Which path do you choose?
		Choose: Forest? or Mountain?
	
	FOREST: You turn left to the dense, dark forest, unsure what great adventure awaits. Upon entering the forest
		everything gets darker and eery. Twigs snap and crows caw. You are all alone out here. As you move along,
		the path becomes more overgrown and hard to trek, but eventually you come across a clearing. It seems empty
		so you step out of the brush, but suddenly, a roar shatters the silence and out bounds a jigantic mosnter! 
		It towers over you and has huge, sharp claws! It looks like it hasn't noticed you yet, will you engage the monster?
		Or will you flee?
		Choose: Engage? or Flee?

		ENGAGE: You charge the monster with your sword raised high and a mighty yell! The beast snaps its head to you and
			narrows its eyes before unleashing a great roar much louder and terror inducing than yours. Then it charges
			and goes to slash at you, but your luck must be high because miraculously you dodged the attack and slashed
			its hind leg with your sword, drawing blood. The beast throws its head back and roars in pain. It turns to 
			you and slashes your chest! The pain is too much and you can not dodge the next one. It keeps slashing until
			all that is left of you is a shredded pile of human flesh. And thus, your great adventure has come to an end. END

		FLEE: You have made the wise decision to flee. You find yourself running deeper and deeper in to the dark forest, until
			suddenly, you come across a lake with a gorgeous waterfall. Exhausted and thirsty, you make your way to the waters
			edge and drink the water until your belly is about to burst. Suddenly, a splash draws your attention to the middle of
			the lake where you catch a glimpse of the tail of some kind of fish before it vanishes into the water. You stand up to
			get a better look and there is another splash of a tail. It has a rainbow of colored scales and is at least two feet wide. 
			You take a step into the water and suddenly something grabs your leg and pulls you into its depths! You are thrashed violenty
			before being lifted out of the water. You see you have a huge tentacle wrapped around your leg and it is dangling you above 
			a giant water monster with razor sharp teeth and a rainbow tail on the top of its head! With no way to get out, you are slowly
			lowered into its mouth and chewed up as lunch. Thus, your pitiful adventure has come to an end. END

	MOUNTAIN: You chose the mountain path where jagged rocks and unstable ledges are not the only dangers people face. You start your trek up  the
		mountain with high hopes of a grand adventure. About an hour into your journey, land slide has cut off the path forward. The only options 
		you have are to scale the side of the mountain and hopfully find a new path. Or go into the cave you saw a few minutes back in hopes it will
		lead you somewhere.
		Choose: Cave? or Climb?
	
		CAVE: The cave is pitch black and you only have two torches and enough fuel to last you five hours on each torch. Hopefully, the cave leads
			somewhere before your light runs out. 

		CLIMB: You begin to climb the side of the mountain with the hope that you will get to the top or find a new path, whichever comes first.
			The foot and hand holds are not very big and some even cut into your hands, making you bleed. About 30 minutes into your climb
			and you have covered quite the distance, but you can not find any more foot holds to go higher. Plus, the bleeding of your hands 
			has not stopped adn you are beginning to worry that you are losing to much blood. 
